{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I think I did better on this project than the last few, but I still struggled with understanding Forward Linked lists using Nodes.  I spent a few hours trying to understand the syntax of templates.  At first I thought I was supposed to template DataType, but I figured out that that was the only thing I didn\'92t have to template.  Once I figured out how to implement templates, ArrayStack didn\'92t take very long at all.  I found I didn\'92t need to change that much for it to work as intended.  However, I kept getting a very strange error when I tried to implement the << operator and serialize, in fact I never got those working.  So, I\'92ve excluded those tests as they don\'92t work anyways.  Besides those two things\'92 everything in ArrayStack works.  NodeStack on the other hand was a nightmare.   I have spent so many hours trying to understand how to navigate through a NodeStack using temporary nodes, and I still don\'92t think I really get it.  I wasn\'92t able to get pop, clear, or the = assignment operator to work properly, so those alongside serialize and << operator have been excluded from the tests.  I\'92m desperately trying to understand all of this before the final, but I\'92m afraid my grade is going to go from an A- to a D ever since we\'92ve started online classes.  Hopefully things start to click, otherwise I\'92m in trouble.}